Good evening and welcome to all the orchestra
that we have just heard is called a
big band is the name we give to
great jazz orchestras
because today it is through
different styles of jazz that you go
discover stone and the wolf
a story like no other
you will be told in music music
sergei sergueevich prokofiev and a
It is not customary for
instruments of the jazz orchestra
how good it is very simple each
character of the story will be
represented by a well instrument
accurate of the big band who will play a small
easy-to-remember musical phrase for
the bird friends of stone
it will be the flute accompanied
by the trumpet with his mute the
unfortunate duck will be represented by
soprano saxophone ie the
more acute it is the smallest of his
family listen more
yeah
we
and the cat with velvet paws on
tenor saxophone
no
as for the grandfather who's boiling in
his beard and although it will still be a
saxophone but this time the
baritone saxophone
it's the biggest and the most serious
here is the big and big gray wolf that
come out of the wood you will recognize him
when will play the tuba and the
paperclips
at
and we were going to forget about our stone
happy hero and smiling here it is
represented by the rhythm section of
the orchestra the piano the bass and the
guitar
three strings
and everything at the end of the story
you will be able to hear the hunters
when will start playing all
wind instruments this orchestra is
unfortunately who says hunters 10
gunshots and his gunshots this
will be the battery then you will
remember all the characters
stone lellouche loiseau the duck the
cat the grandfather and the hunters
now that you are ready that we
are ready we will be able to you
tell the story of stone and the wolf
one fine morning, opened the door of the
garden and went away in the green meadows
Oh